# eaglercraftx server
This is just a simple server starter, all it does is host the different servers and a proxy, proxy takes .5G of ram and void_lobby server gets 1G, the main server lobby gets 6G max for a total of only 7.5G ram, this is because on an RPI5 8GB 512M of ram will be for the system to run everything properly, now this will need to be changed for bigger servers but for now its fine. For eaglercraft clients edit stuff only in the EaglerXBungee folder inside of the Plugins for BungeeCord, this is all the eaglercraft configs. void_lobby shouldn't be changed in anyway as it is a auth server only ment to auth for eaglercraft clients then it redirects to the main server 'lobby' that is the server you wanna change. All ports that are being used are 8081 (eaglerxbungee), 25564 (bungeecord default is 25577 and doesnt work if its not 25564), 25565 (void_lobby), 25566 (lobby), and 3306 for SQL auth server. 25565 and 25566 arent accessable without entering into the proxy which is 25564 or in this case 8081 for eaglercraft. when entering the server the deafult server (and only server accessable off of proxy) is 25565 (void_lobby) and void lobby then uses bungee to redirect to 25566 (lobby).

For use on RPI5 8GB: RPI5 4GB is actually faster on the CPU, but theres not enough RAM so that will have to be sacrificed. Please overclock your RPI5 8GB when hosting this server, to 2.8GHz or higher for world generation purposes. Please look into getting a dedicated server for anything over proabably 10 players concurrently, using 'top' on the RPI5 8GB it shows the minercraft server using a total of 300%+ of the CPU's resources. This is for only small inexpensive servers, and for small servers, NOT for a full server intended for 10+ people. Use this as a building ground or testing ground for your server. Also you'll need to install Java.

Go to SETUP.txt for instructions on what to do.
